Document new offer API, update examples (#467)
sorare/api: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## 2023-07-25

> The API to bid, create offers, and accept offers have been updated. See Readme and code examples for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The APIs to bid, create offers, and accept offers have been updated. See [README.md](./README.md) and code examples for details.
```
